Change the peer-dependency React (#22)
SeanMcP/a11y-react-emoji: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- Added the `CHANGELOG.md`

> - Changed peer-dependencies for React to include versions higher than 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed peer-dependencies for React to include versions greater than or equal to 16
```
